<a href=http://www.hotels-in-vietnam.com/asia/vietnam/hotels_hanoi/hanoi_calypso_hotel.html>Calypso Grand Hotel</a> offers elegant accommodation in the shopping district of Hanoi’s Old Quarter. Featuring free Wi-Fi and rooms with computers, it is a 5-minute stroll from Hoan Kiem Lake. Make yourself at home in one of the 20 individually decorated guestrooms, featuring minibars and DVD players. Wired and wireless Internet access is complimentary, while 32-inch LCD televisions with satellite programming provide entertainment. The lobby offers coffee, free newspapers and a safe deposit box at the front desk. Other amenities include dry cleaning/laundry, an area shuttle, an elevator (lift), concierge services and laundry facilities. Downstairs, this small hotel has a smart lobby area and restaurant, which serves a great spread for breakfast including a continental buffet and a la carte menu. They also offer makeup/shaving mirrors, designer toiletries, and bathrobes. Wired high-speed and wireless Internet access is complimentary. Private bathrooms with separate bathtubs and showers feature deep soaking bathtubs and designer toiletries. Conveniences include phones, as well as safes and desks. With a stay at Calypso Grand Hotel Hoan Kiem, you'll be 2.2 km (1.3 mi) from Temple of Literature. Enter a world that is complete in every way. Be looked after by a dedicated and professional team who will be delighted to make your stay in Hanoi, and Vietnam, a truly unforgettable and special time to meet all your expectations.
